Dr Suma Dawn 
suma.dawn@jiit.ac.in

Dr Sangeeta Mittal
sangeeta.mittal@jiit.ac.in 

Gagandeep Kaur
gagandeep.kaur@jiit.ac.in, gagan_punia@rediffmail.com

Dr Tribhuwan Kumar Tewari
tribhuwan.tewari@jiit.ac.in

Mukta Goyal
mukta.goyal@jiit.ac.in 

Bharat Gupta
bharat.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Dr Adwitiya Sinha
adwitiya.sinha@jiit.ac.in 

Hema N
hema.n@jiit.ac.in, hema_nagaraja@rediffmail.com

Indu Chawla
indu.chawla@jiit.ac.in

Kavita Pandey
kavita.pandey@jiit.ac.in

Gaurav Saxena
gaurav.saxena@jiit.ac.in, saxena.gaurav7@gmail.com

Dr. Shikha Jain
 shikha.jain@jiit.ac.in

Pawan Kumar Upadhyay
pawan.upadhyay@jiit.ac.in

Dhanalekshmi.G
dhanalekshmi.g@jiit.ac.in

K. Vimal Kumar 
vimal.kumar@jiit.ac.in

K Rajalakshmi 
k.rajlakshmi@jiit.ac.in

Archana Purwar
archana.purwar@jiit.ac.in

Sanjeev Patel
sanjeev.patel@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Parmeet Kaur
parmeet.kaur@jiit.ac.in 

Santosh Kumar Verma
santosh.verma@jiit.ac.in

Arti Jain
arti.jain@jiit.ac.in

 Megha Rathi
megha.rathi@jiit.ac.in

Prashant Kaushik
prashant.kaushik@jiit.ac.in 

Ambalika Sarkar Bachar
ambalika.sarkar@jiit.ac.in

Anubhuti Roda Mohindra
anubhuti.mohindra@jiit.ac.in 

Gaurav Kumar Nigam
gaurav.nigam@jiit.ac.in

Amanpreet Kaur 
amanpreet.kaur@jiit.ac.in

Sangeeta
sangeeta@jiit.ac.in 

Vivek Mishra
 vivek.mishra@jiit.ac.in

Ravinder Ahuja
ravinder.ahuja@jiit.ac.in

 Pulkit Mehndiratta
pulkit.mehndiratta@jiit.ac.in, pulkit.mehndiratta@gmail.com 

Shipra Madan
shipra.madan@jiit.ac.in

Anuradha Gupta
anuradha.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Sudhanshu Kulshrestha
sudhanshu.kulshrestha@jiit.ac.in

Prof. Sanjay Goel
sanjay.goel@jiit.ac.in

Himanshu Agrawal
himanshu.agrawal@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Vikas Saxena
vikas.saxena@jiit.ac.in, vikassaxena33@gmail.com

Raju Pal
raju.pal@jiit.ac.in

Prof. Krishna Asawa
krishna.asawa@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Sandeep Kumar Singh
sandeepk.singh@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Charu
charu.gandhi@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Satish Chandra
satish.chandra@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Chetna Gupta
chetna.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Prakash Kumar
prakash.kumar@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Shelly Sachdeva
shelly.sachdeva@jiit.ac.in , sachdevashelly1@gmail.com

Dr Devpriya Soni
devpriya.soni@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Chetna Dabas 
chetna.dabas@jiit.ac.in

Dr Neetu Sardana
neetu.sardana@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Dharmveer Singh Rajpoot
dharmveer.rajpoot@jiit.ac.in, drdharmveer16382@gmail.com

Dr. Shikha Mehta
shikha.mehta@jiit.ac.in 

Prof. Nitin
nitin.chanderwal@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Mukesh Saraswat
mukesh.saraswat@jiit.ac.in,  saraswatmukesh@gmail.com

Varsha Garg


Dr. Anuja Arora
anuja.arora@jiit.ac.in

Dr Manish Kumar Thakur
manish.thakur@jiit.ac.in

Taj Alam
taj.alam@jiit.ac.in

Kashav Ajmera
Kashav.ajmera@jiit.ac.in

Prantik Biswas
prantik.biswas@jiit.ac.in, pranmasterbi@gmail.com 

Ms. Mradula Sharma
mradula.sharma@jiit.ac.in

 Ashish Kumar Tripathi
ashish.tripathi@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. P. Raghu Vamsi
raghu.vamsi@jiit.ac.in, prvonline@yahoo.co.in

Vivek Goel
vivek.goel@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Payal Khurana Batra 
payal.kb@jiit.ac.in

Shashank Gupta
shashank.gupta@jiit.ac.in, shashank.csit@gmail.com

Yogesh Singh
yogesh.singh@jiit.ac.in

Amarjeet Prajapati
amarjeet.prajapati@jiit.ac.in

Amarjeet Kaur
amarjeet.kaur@jiit.ac.in, mail4amarjeet@gmail.com

Sakshi Agarwal
sakshi.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Arpita Jadhav Bhatt
arpita.jadhav@jiit.ac.in

Ankita Gupta
ankita.gupta@jiit.ac.in

 Ankita Wadhwa
ankita.wadhwa@jiit.ac.in

Shardha Porwal
Shardha.porwal@jiit.ac.in

Somya Jain
somya.jain@jiit.ac.in

Aditi Sharma
aditi.sharma@jiit.ac.in

Mahendra Gurve
mahendra.gurve@jiit.ac.in 

Kishore Kumar Yarramshetty
kishore.kumar@jiit.ac.in

Rohit Pal Singh
rohitpal.singh @jiit.ac.in, rohitpalsingh@ufl.edu 

Niyati Aggrawal
niyati.aggrawal@jiit.ac.in

Bansidhar Joshi
bansidhar.joshi@jiit.ac.in

Akanksha Bhardwaj
akanksha.bhardwaj@jiit.ac.in

   Ankur Kulhari
ankur.kulhari@jiit.ac.in

Purtee Jethi Kohli
purtee.kohli@jiit.ac.in 

Avinash Pandey
 avinash.pandey@jiit.ac.in

Kritika Rani
kritika.rani@jiit.ac.in 

Parul Agarwal
parul.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Varsha Garg


Kashav Ajmera
Kashav.ajmera@jiit.ac.in

Taj Alam
taj.alam@jiit.ac.in

 Ashish Kumar Tripathi
ashish.tripathi@jiit.ac.in

Prantik Biswas
prantik.biswas@jiit.ac.in, pranmasterbi@gmail.com 

   Dr. P. Raghu Vamsi
raghu.vamsi@jiit.ac.in, prvonline@yahoo.co.in

Ms. Mradula Sharma
mradula.sharma@jiit.ac.in

Vivek Goel
vivek.goel@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Payal Khurana Batra 
payal.kb@jiit.ac.in

Shashank Gupta
shashank.gupta@jiit.ac.in, shashank.csit@gmail.com

Amarjeet Kaur
amarjeet.kaur@jiit.ac.in, mail4amarjeet@gmail.com

Amarjeet Prajapati
amarjeet.prajapati@jiit.ac.in

Yogesh Singh
yogesh.singh@jiit.ac.in

Archana Purwar
archana.purwar@jiit.ac.in

Vivek Mishra
 vivek.mishra@jiit.ac.in

Arti Jain
arti.jain@jiit.ac.in

Santosh Kumar Verma
santosh.verma@jiit.ac.in

 Megha Rathi
megha.rathi@jiit.ac.in

Prashant Kaushik
prashant.kaushik@jiit.ac.in 

Anubhuti Roda Mohindra
anubhuti.mohindra@jiit.ac.in 

Ambalika Sarkar Bachar
ambalika.sarkar@jiit.ac.in

Gaurav Kumar Nigam
gaurav.nigam@jiit.ac.in

Amanpreet Kaur 
amanpreet.kaur@jiit.ac.in

Ravinder Ahuja
ravinder.ahuja@jiit.ac.in

Sangeeta
sangeeta@jiit.ac.in 

Shipra Madan
shipra.madan@jiit.ac.in

 Pulkit Mehndiratta
pulkit.mehndiratta@jiit.ac.in, pulkit.mehndiratta@gmail.com 

Himanshu Agrawal
himanshu.agrawal@jiit.ac.in

Anuradha Gupta
anuradha.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Sudhanshu Kulshrestha
sudhanshu.kulshrestha@jiit.ac.in

Raju Pal
raju.pal@jiit.ac.in

Arpita Jadhav Bhatt
arpita.jadhav@jiit.ac.in

Shardha Porwal
Shardha.porwal@jiit.ac.in

Sakshi Agarwal
sakshi.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Aditi Sharma
aditi.sharma@jiit.ac.in

Ankita Gupta
ankita.gupta@jiit.ac.in

 Ankita Wadhwa
ankita.wadhwa@jiit.ac.in

Somya Jain
somya.jain@jiit.ac.in

Kishore Kumar Yarramshetty
kishore.kumar@jiit.ac.in

Mahendra Gurve
mahendra.gurve@jiit.ac.in 

Rohit Pal Singh
rohitpal.singh @jiit.ac.in, rohitpalsingh@ufl.edu 

Parul Agarwal
parul.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Niyati Aggrawal
niyati.aggrawal@jiit.ac.in

Bansidhar Joshi
bansidhar.joshi@jiit.ac.in

Akanksha Bhardwaj
akanksha.bhardwaj@jiit.ac.in

   Ankur Kulhari
ankur.kulhari@jiit.ac.in

Avinash Pandey
 avinash.pandey@jiit.ac.in

Purtee Jethi Kohli
purtee.kohli@jiit.ac.in 

Kritika Rani
kritika.rani@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Suma Dawn 
suma.dawn@jiit.ac.in

Dr Sangeeta Mittal
sangeeta.mittal@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Tribhuwan Kumar Tewari
tribhuwan.tewari@jiit.ac.in

Dr Adwitiya Sinha
adwitiya.sinha@jiit.ac.in 

Gagandeep Kaur
gagandeep.kaur@jiit.ac.in, gagan_punia@rediffmail.com

Bharat Gupta
bharat.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Mukta Goyal
mukta.goyal@jiit.ac.in 

K Rajalakshmi 
k.rajlakshmi@jiit.ac.in

Kavita Pandey
kavita.pandey@jiit.ac.in

Hema N
hema.n@jiit.ac.in, hema_nagaraja@rediffmail.com

Indu Chawla
indu.chawla@jiit.ac.in

Pawan Kumar Upadhyay
pawan.upadhyay@jiit.ac.in

Gaurav Saxena
gaurav.saxena@jiit.ac.in, saxena.gaurav7@gmail.com

Dr. Shikha Jain
 shikha.jain@jiit.ac.in

Dhanalekshmi.G
dhanalekshmi.g@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Parmeet Kaur
parmeet.kaur@jiit.ac.in 

K. Vimal Kumar 
vimal.kumar@jiit.ac.in

Sanjeev Patel
sanjeev.patel@jiit.ac.in

Prof. Sanjay Goel
sanjay.goel@jiit.ac.in

Prof. Krishna Asawa
krishna.asawa@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Vikas Saxena
vikas.saxena@jiit.ac.in, vikassaxena33@gmail.com

Prof. Nitin
nitin.chanderwal@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Sandeep Kumar Singh
sandeepk.singh@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Satish Chandra
satish.chandra@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Charu
charu.gandhi@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Prakash Kumar
prakash.kumar@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Chetna Gupta
chetna.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Chetna Dabas 
chetna.dabas@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Shelly Sachdeva
shelly.sachdeva@jiit.ac.in , sachdevashelly1@gmail.com

Dr Devpriya Soni
devpriya.soni@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Neetu Sardana
neetu.sardana@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Dharmveer Singh Rajpoot
dharmveer.rajpoot@jiit.ac.in, drdharmveer16382@gmail.com

Dr. Shikha Mehta
shikha.mehta@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Anuja Arora
anuja.arora@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Mukesh Saraswat
mukesh.saraswat@jiit.ac.in,  saraswatmukesh@gmail.com

Dr Manish Kumar Thakur
manish.thakur@jiit.ac.in

Archana Purwar
archana.purwar@jiit.ac.in

Vivek Mishra
 vivek.mishra@jiit.ac.in

Arti Jain
arti.jain@jiit.ac.in

 Megha Rathi
megha.rathi@jiit.ac.in

Santosh Kumar Verma
santosh.verma@jiit.ac.in

Ambalika Sarkar Bachar
ambalika.sarkar@jiit.ac.in

Anubhuti Roda Mohindra
anubhuti.mohindra@jiit.ac.in 

Amanpreet Kaur 
amanpreet.kaur@jiit.ac.in

Gaurav Kumar Nigam
gaurav.nigam@jiit.ac.in

Sangeeta
sangeeta@jiit.ac.in 

Ravinder Ahuja
ravinder.ahuja@jiit.ac.in

Prashant Kaushik
prashant.kaushik@jiit.ac.in 

 Pulkit Mehndiratta
pulkit.mehndiratta@jiit.ac.in, pulkit.mehndiratta@gmail.com 

Anuradha Gupta
anuradha.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Himanshu Agrawal
himanshu.agrawal@jiit.ac.in

Sudhanshu Kulshrestha
sudhanshu.kulshrestha@jiit.ac.in

Raju Pal
raju.pal@jiit.ac.in

Shipra Madan
shipra.madan@jiit.ac.in

Varsha Garg


Kashav Ajmera
Kashav.ajmera@jiit.ac.in

Taj Alam
taj.alam@jiit.ac.in

 Ashish Kumar Tripathi
ashish.tripathi@jiit.ac.in

Prantik Biswas
prantik.biswas@jiit.ac.in, pranmasterbi@gmail.com 

   Dr. P. Raghu Vamsi
raghu.vamsi@jiit.ac.in, prvonline@yahoo.co.in

Ms. Mradula Sharma
mradula.sharma@jiit.ac.in

Vivek Goel
vivek.goel@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Payal Khurana Batra 
payal.kb@jiit.ac.in

Shashank Gupta
shashank.gupta@jiit.ac.in, shashank.csit@gmail.com

Amarjeet Kaur
amarjeet.kaur@jiit.ac.in, mail4amarjeet@gmail.com

Amarjeet Prajapati
amarjeet.prajapati@jiit.ac.in

Yogesh Singh
yogesh.singh@jiit.ac.in

Arpita Jadhav Bhatt
arpita.jadhav@jiit.ac.in

Shardha Porwal
Shardha.porwal@jiit.ac.in

Sakshi Agarwal
sakshi.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Aditi Sharma
aditi.sharma@jiit.ac.in

Ankita Gupta
ankita.gupta@jiit.ac.in

 Ankita Wadhwa
ankita.wadhwa@jiit.ac.in

Somya Jain
somya.jain@jiit.ac.in

Kishore Kumar Yarramshetty
kishore.kumar@jiit.ac.in

Mahendra Gurve
mahendra.gurve@jiit.ac.in 

Rohit Pal Singh
rohitpal.singh @jiit.ac.in, rohitpalsingh@ufl.edu 

Parul Agarwal
parul.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Niyati Aggrawal
niyati.aggrawal@jiit.ac.in

Bansidhar Joshi
bansidhar.joshi@jiit.ac.in

Akanksha Bhardwaj
akanksha.bhardwaj@jiit.ac.in

   Ankur Kulhari
ankur.kulhari@jiit.ac.in

Avinash Pandey
 avinash.pandey@jiit.ac.in

Purtee Jethi Kohli
purtee.kohli@jiit.ac.in 

Kritika Rani
kritika.rani@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Suma Dawn 
suma.dawn@jiit.ac.in

Dr Sangeeta Mittal
sangeeta.mittal@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Tribhuwan Kumar Tewari
tribhuwan.tewari@jiit.ac.in

Dr Adwitiya Sinha
adwitiya.sinha@jiit.ac.in 

Gagandeep Kaur
gagandeep.kaur@jiit.ac.in, gagan_punia@rediffmail.com

Bharat Gupta
bharat.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Mukta Goyal
mukta.goyal@jiit.ac.in 

K Rajalakshmi 
k.rajlakshmi@jiit.ac.in

Kavita Pandey
kavita.pandey@jiit.ac.in

Hema N
hema.n@jiit.ac.in, hema_nagaraja@rediffmail.com

Indu Chawla
indu.chawla@jiit.ac.in

Pawan Kumar Upadhyay
pawan.upadhyay@jiit.ac.in

Gaurav Saxena
gaurav.saxena@jiit.ac.in, saxena.gaurav7@gmail.com

Dr. Shikha Jain
 shikha.jain@jiit.ac.in

Dhanalekshmi.G
dhanalekshmi.g@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Parmeet Kaur
parmeet.kaur@jiit.ac.in 

K. Vimal Kumar 
vimal.kumar@jiit.ac.in

Sanjeev Patel
sanjeev.patel@jiit.ac.in

Prof. Sanjay Goel
sanjay.goel@jiit.ac.in

Prof. Krishna Asawa
krishna.asawa@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Vikas Saxena
vikas.saxena@jiit.ac.in, vikassaxena33@gmail.com

Prof. Nitin
nitin.chanderwal@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Sandeep Kumar Singh
sandeepk.singh@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Satish Chandra
satish.chandra@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Charu
charu.gandhi@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Prakash Kumar
prakash.kumar@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Chetna Gupta
chetna.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Chetna Dabas 
chetna.dabas@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Shelly Sachdeva
shelly.sachdeva@jiit.ac.in , sachdevashelly1@gmail.com

Dr Devpriya Soni
devpriya.soni@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Neetu Sardana
neetu.sardana@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Dharmveer Singh Rajpoot
dharmveer.rajpoot@jiit.ac.in, drdharmveer16382@gmail.com

Dr. Shikha Mehta
shikha.mehta@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Anuja Arora
anuja.arora@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Mukesh Saraswat
mukesh.saraswat@jiit.ac.in,  saraswatmukesh@gmail.com

Dr Manish Kumar Thakur
manish.thakur@jiit.ac.in

