Abhay Kumar
abhay.kumar@jiit.ac.in, abhay.2t@gmail.com

Raghvendra Kumar Singh
raghvenda.singh@jiit.ac.in

Vinay A. Tikkiwal
vinay.anand@jiit.ac.in

Shruti Kalra 
shruti.sabharwal@jiit.ac.in 

Priyanka Kwatra
kwatrapriyanka@gmail.com

Mandeep Narula
mandeep.narula@jiit.ac.in

Vishal Narain Saxena
vishal.saxena@jiit.ac.in

Shradha Saxena 
shradha.saxena@jiit.ac.in

Gaurav Verma
gaurav.verma@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Parul Puri
parul.puri@jiit.ac.in

Ankur Bhardwaj
ankur.bhardwaj@jiit.ac.in

Abhishek Kashyap
abhishek.kashyap@jiit.ac.in

Sumegha Yadav
sumegha19@gmail.com

Ruby Beniwal
ruby.beniwal@jiit.ac.in

Deeksha Chandola
deeksha.chandola@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Garima Kapur
garima.kapur@jiit.ac.in

Ritesh Kumar Sharma 
ritesh.sharma@jiit.ac.in

Jyoti Vyas
 jyoti.vyas@jiit.ac.in

   Varun Goel
varun89goel@gmail.com

Sidhartha Rout
sidhartha.rout@jiit.ac.in

Shivaji Tyagi
shivaji.tyagi@jiit.ac.in

Dr Baljit Kaur
baljit.kaur@jiit.ac.in

Rahul Kaushik
rahul.kaushik@jiit.ac.in

Atul Kumar Srivastava
atul.srivastava@jiit.ac.in

Pankaj Kumar Yadav
pankaj.yadav@jiit.ac.in

Smriti Bhatnagar
smriti.bhatnagar@jiit.ac.in 

Bhawna Gupta
bhawna.gupta@jiit.ac.in 

Reema Buddhiraja
reema.budhiraja@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Pushpendra Singh
pushpendra.singh@jiit.ac.in

   Saurabh Chaturvedi
saurabh.chaturvedi@jiit.ac.in

Satyendra Kumar
satyendra.kumar@jiit.ac.in

   Kirmender Singh
Kirmender.singh@jiit.ac.in 

Neetu Singh
neetu.singh@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Amit Singhal
amit.singhal@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Kapil Dev Tyagi
kapil.tyagi@jiit.ac.in

   Juhi Gupta
juhi@jiit.ac.in

Rakhi Tomar
rakhi.tomar@jiit.ac.in

Professor. R. C. Jain
rc.jain@jiit.ac.in 

 Monika
monika.jiit@jiit.ac.in

Prof. Shweta Srivastava
shweta.srivastava@jiit.ac.in

B.Suresh
b.suresh@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Jitendra Mohan
jitendra.mohan@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Sajai Vir Singh
sajaivir.singh@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Vivek Dwivedi
 Vivek.dwivedi@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Vijay Khare
vijay.khare@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Richa Gupta
richa.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Ashish Goel
ashish.goel@jiit.ac.in

Dr Megha Agarwal
megha.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Vineet Khandelwal


   Dr. Jasmine Saini
jasmine.saini@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Rajesh Kumar Dubey
rajesh.dubey@jiit.ac.in, rajeshk_dubey@yahoo.com

Dr. Alok Joshi
alok.joshi@jiit.ac.in

   Dr Bhartendu Chaturvedi
bhartendu.prof@gmail.com

   Dr. Shamim Akhter
Shamim.akhter@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Abhinav Gupta
abhinav.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Dr Madhu Jain
madhu.jain@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Vikram Karwal
vikram@ieee.org

Professor. R. C. Jain
rc.jain@jiit.ac.in 

Prof. Shweta Srivastava
shweta.srivastava@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Vikram Karwal
vikram@ieee.org

Dr. Jitendra Mohan
jitendra.mohan@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Sajai Vir Singh
sajaivir.singh@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Vivek Dwivedi
 Vivek.dwivedi@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Ashish Goel
ashish.goel@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Vijay Khare
vijay.khare@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Richa Gupta
richa.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Dr Megha Agarwal
megha.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Vineet Khandelwal


Dr. Rajesh Kumar Dubey
rajesh.dubey@jiit.ac.in, rajeshk_dubey@yahoo.com

   Dr. Jasmine Saini
jasmine.saini@jiit.ac.in

   Dr Bhartendu Chaturvedi
bhartendu.prof@gmail.com

Dr. Alok Joshi
alok.joshi@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Shamim Akhter
Shamim.akhter@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Madhu Jain
madhu.jain@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Abhinav Gupta
abhinav.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Vinay A. Tikkiwal
vinay.anand@jiit.ac.in

Priyanka Kwatra
kwatrapriyanka@gmail.com

   Dr. Parul Puri
parul.puri@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Garima Kapur
garima.kapur@jiit.ac.in

Mandeep Narula
mandeep.narula@jiit.ac.in

Vishal Narain Saxena
vishal.saxena@jiit.ac.in

Shradha Saxena 
shradha.saxena@jiit.ac.in

Gaurav Verma
gaurav.verma@jiit.ac.in

Ankur Bhardwaj
ankur.bhardwaj@jiit.ac.in

Abhishek Kashyap
abhishek.kashyap@jiit.ac.in

Ruby Beniwal
ruby.beniwal@jiit.ac.in

Sumegha Yadav
sumegha19@gmail.com

Shivaji Tyagi
shivaji.tyagi@jiit.ac.in

Deeksha Chandola
deeksha.chandola@jiit.ac.in 

Sidhartha Rout
sidhartha.rout@jiit.ac.in

Ritesh Kumar Sharma 
ritesh.sharma@jiit.ac.in

Jyoti Vyas
 jyoti.vyas@jiit.ac.in

   Varun Goel
varun89goel@gmail.com

Abhay Kumar
abhay.kumar@jiit.ac.in, abhay.2t@gmail.com

Raghvendra Kumar Singh
raghvenda.singh@jiit.ac.in

Shruti Kalra 
shruti.sabharwal@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Baljit Kaur
baljit.kaur@jiit.ac.in

Rahul Kaushik
rahul.kaushik@jiit.ac.in

Atul Kumar Srivastava
atul.srivastava@jiit.ac.in

Bhawna Gupta
bhawna.gupta@jiit.ac.in 

Smriti Bhatnagar
smriti.bhatnagar@jiit.ac.in 

Pankaj Kumar Yadav
pankaj.yadav@jiit.ac.in

Reema Buddhiraja
reema.budhiraja@jiit.ac.in 

Satyendra Kumar
satyendra.kumar@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Pushpendra Singh
pushpendra.singh@jiit.ac.in

Neetu Singh
neetu.singh@jiit.ac.in 

   Saurabh Chaturvedi
saurabh.chaturvedi@jiit.ac.in

   Juhi Gupta
juhi@jiit.ac.in

   Kirmender Singh
Kirmender.singh@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Amit Singhal
amit.singhal@jiit.ac.in

B.Suresh
b.suresh@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Kapil Dev Tyagi
kapil.tyagi@jiit.ac.in

Rakhi Tomar
rakhi.tomar@jiit.ac.in

 Monika
monika.jiit@jiit.ac.in

Vinay A. Tikkiwal
vinay.anand@jiit.ac.in

Priyanka Kwatra
kwatrapriyanka@gmail.com

   Dr. Parul Puri
parul.puri@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Garima Kapur
garima.kapur@jiit.ac.in

Mandeep Narula
mandeep.narula@jiit.ac.in

Shradha Saxena 
shradha.saxena@jiit.ac.in

Vishal Narain Saxena
vishal.saxena@jiit.ac.in

Gaurav Verma
gaurav.verma@jiit.ac.in

Ankur Bhardwaj
ankur.bhardwaj@jiit.ac.in

Abhishek Kashyap
abhishek.kashyap@jiit.ac.in

Ruby Beniwal
ruby.beniwal@jiit.ac.in

Sumegha Yadav
sumegha19@gmail.com

Shivaji Tyagi
shivaji.tyagi@jiit.ac.in

Deeksha Chandola
deeksha.chandola@jiit.ac.in 

Sidhartha Rout
sidhartha.rout@jiit.ac.in

Ritesh Kumar Sharma 
ritesh.sharma@jiit.ac.in

Jyoti Vyas
 jyoti.vyas@jiit.ac.in

   Varun Goel
varun89goel@gmail.com

Professor. R. C. Jain
rc.jain@jiit.ac.in 

Prof. Shweta Srivastava
shweta.srivastava@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Vikram Karwal
vikram@ieee.org

Dr. Jitendra Mohan
jitendra.mohan@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Sajai Vir Singh
sajaivir.singh@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Vivek Dwivedi
 Vivek.dwivedi@jiit.ac.in 

Dr. Ashish Goel
ashish.goel@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Vijay Khare
vijay.khare@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Richa Gupta
richa.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Dr Megha Agarwal
megha.agarwal@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Vineet Khandelwal


   Dr. Jasmine Saini
jasmine.saini@jiit.ac.in

Dr. Rajesh Kumar Dubey
rajesh.dubey@jiit.ac.in, rajeshk_dubey@yahoo.com

   Dr Bhartendu Chaturvedi
bhartendu.prof@gmail.com

Dr. Alok Joshi
alok.joshi@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Shamim Akhter
Shamim.akhter@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Madhu Jain
madhu.jain@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Abhinav Gupta
abhinav.gupta@jiit.ac.in

Abhay Kumar
abhay.kumar@jiit.ac.in, abhay.2t@gmail.com

Raghvendra Kumar Singh
raghvenda.singh@jiit.ac.in

Shruti Kalra 
shruti.sabharwal@jiit.ac.in 

Dr Baljit Kaur
baljit.kaur@jiit.ac.in

Rahul Kaushik
rahul.kaushik@jiit.ac.in

Atul Kumar Srivastava
atul.srivastava@jiit.ac.in

Bhawna Gupta
bhawna.gupta@jiit.ac.in 

Smriti Bhatnagar
smriti.bhatnagar@jiit.ac.in 

Pankaj Kumar Yadav
pankaj.yadav@jiit.ac.in

Reema Buddhiraja
reema.budhiraja@jiit.ac.in 

Satyendra Kumar
satyendra.kumar@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Pushpendra Singh
pushpendra.singh@jiit.ac.in

Neetu Singh
neetu.singh@jiit.ac.in 

   Saurabh Chaturvedi
saurabh.chaturvedi@jiit.ac.in

   Juhi Gupta
juhi@jiit.ac.in

   Kirmender Singh
Kirmender.singh@jiit.ac.in 

   Dr. Amit Singhal
amit.singhal@jiit.ac.in

B.Suresh
b.suresh@jiit.ac.in

   Dr. Kapil Dev Tyagi
kapil.tyagi@jiit.ac.in

Rakhi Tomar
rakhi.tomar@jiit.ac.in

 Monika
monika.jiit@jiit.ac.in

